[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> If there is a
breakaway civilization,
how do they get
people to join them?
Is there a recruitment process?
We shall discover
that getting people
to join the Secret
Space Program is more
complex than first imagined.
Some are asked.
Some are made.
And some appear to be
taken against their will.
>> There's recruitments where
certain individuals are picked
to participate in projects and
to be a part of a particular
agendas.
I have an experience
myself of being
recruited to go off planet in
2006 to join a Mars colony.
And so there are
specific reasons why
certain individuals are picked.
And to get to the bottom of
it is not the easiest thing,
because, I mean, you're
unraveling a huge mystery.
I mean, there's things like
quantum access technologies
that are used to
target individuals.
What I discovered in
my recruitment process
is something called Looking
Glass technologies was used
and something called
the Orion's Cube.
These were names that were
in the emails connected
to how I was chosen.
And this isn't just tracking me
in this particular incarnation,
there is a pretargeting
before I was born.
So a lot of strategies
are in place.
But if we kind of look at
the bigger picture in some
of these controller groups
and how they manage timelines
and how they work with
these technologies
to achieve a specific,
desired result,
these things have been in
the works for a long time.
And so when we look at different
elements of the defense
departments and things that
happened after the Second World
War, we're dealing with
certain agendas that had
good intentions to start with.
>> Laurie Eisenhower was
recruited for the Secret Space
Program.
Specifically, they wanted
her to go to Mars where
they said they had a base.
Is it possible that humans
have a base on Mars?
To confirm that we do
have a base on Mars,
we spoke to Randy Cramer.
Randy claims to have spent
years as a soldier fighting
a war on Mars.
>> Project Moon Shadow was
the project which genetically
engineered and trained me and
299 other young boys and girls
for a total of 300
of us in the project.
We were all genetically
engineered from the ground up,
Petri dish level, and then
trained from pretty much--
I mean the programming,
the sort of
teaching-training programming
starts at an infantile toddler
age.
And then you start
physical, like showing up
to physical locations for
training probably by four or 4
and 1/2 years old.
So very, very, very
young starting.
But none of those early stage
training programs and so forth
are like really shocking, or
violent, or scary, or anything.
They're all just
programs, and training,
and systems designed to teach
you hand-eye coordination,
group dynamic functions,
how to work as a team.
The whole process,
basically, is--
I mean probably in the
very, very early days,
in the '70s, before a lot
of the jumpgate technology
was being used every day and
regularly, sometimes what
they would actually do
is activate an implant.
You pop up out of bed,
walk right out the front
or back door to a van waiting
that picks kids up and then
takes them to a
vehicle that can then
take them on a ride somewhere.
And essentially, a delta
wave emitter from a ship
above makes everybody
sound asleep,
because delta waves
are sleep waves.
And if you're imposing
a delta wave emitter
over a neighborhood or
over a part of a city,
everyone will just snooze
right through the whole thing.
And if you have someone who you
can activate in that process,
be immune to the effects,
walk out of the room,
get into a van, no one's
going to be awake for it.
No one's going to be
looking out a window.
Even someone sitting
at their kitchen table
is going to all of a
sudden feel drowsy,
and pass out for a
few minutes, and then
wake up, and go, oh, maybe
it's time I go to bed.
So I mean they'll just
knock everybody out.
So you could do that.
And no one would see anything.
There would be no
evidence of that.
Then once they started using the
jumpgates full time, then just
a couple of jumpgate technicians
pop in, say, hey, time to go.
And you're OK.
And you go through the jumpgate
to whatever the next training
session.
And then they bring you back.
And because of
quantum dilations,
which is essentially a
temporal loop where you're
taking someone out
for a ride and then
back again so that they can
exercise so much training time
and you can go by and then
you bring them back 15 minutes
after they left so that there's
no paradox of taking them out
of time.
So also that way,
you can take someone
away at 2:30 in the morning
for days, weeks, even
for training period,
and then bring them back
and everyone wakes
up the next morning
not knowing that
anything occurred.
And even for the
subject, usually, you
do remember things.
But I'm telling you,
when you wake up
from that experience,
what you tell yourself,
because you're in your bed,
it's the next day, wow, what
a crazy long dream that was.
It seemed like I was
dreaming for days.
A project mannequin is a program
that manages augmented soldier
projects for like everybody.
So the various military
intelligence programs
have individual projects
that they work on and have
been working on for decades.
And then project mannequin takes
parcels from those departments
and organizes and
figures out where
needs for soldiers are,
either terrestrial,
Earthbound, or elsewhere, and
then work on the assignments
on where everybody goes.
So they're kind of the
granddaddy organization
of covert augmented genetically
augmented super soldier
programs or genetically
augmented soldier programs,
because they manage it
all and tell everybody
where they're going to go.
You may have to wonder who
your creator is, who made you,
and what your purpose is.
I don't.
A roomful of guys in
lab coats and a couple
of extraterrestrials
designed my DNA code,
like assembled it,
took a fertilized cell
and did all the augmentations
necessary for those
to go together, implanted
me back in my mother's womb.
And then nine months
later, I pop out all
exactly like they want.
The standard covert
military space program tour
is a 20-year tour.
They really want to get
their money's worth.
I've asked my
brigadier general what
the estimated cost of training
me over my lifetime has been.
And he said probably
over $100 million.
That's probably fairly
standard for a soldier
who's in the covert
military space program.
That when you think about
all the cost of the programs
and the dollar per
minute, per hour, per day
per unit sort of cost
per person over decades,
yeah, it gets to be $100
million per person or something
like that.
It's a really high,
high, high cost.
Which I will emphasize if
there wasn't the covert secrecy
problem that we have, that
cost would come way down.
So that's an inflated
cost due to secrecy.
And if we were no
longer in that state,
then that cost
would come way down.
And you wouldn't have to
pay $100 million each.
I have said this 20-year
tour, 20-year healing process.
Just straight up.
There's no other
way to look at it.
It was a 20-year tour and
a 20-year healing process
before I had a solid grip on
what the heck was going on.
I was a soldier.
So when you start young, you're
either designed for something,
or as you develop, it becomes
clear what you're best at.
And so I'm a soldier.
So I am best at killing things,
blowing things up, hunting
things down, and fighting.
So pretty much if it involved
fighting something, shooting,
something blowing
something up, then
that could have been my job.
And during the training
periods, there's
a number of different
exercises which
you go to do things to kill
people and blow things up here
on planet Earth in training
exercises, field exercises.
And then when I got deployed,
it was straight off to Mars
for 17 years of
fighting things there.
Powered armor on a low-G
planet, that's fun,
but that's about it.
It's a place I'd
like to go back.
And it's a beautiful place.
I was there in a war that
was the ugliest thing ever.
And I was being pumped
full of crazy drugs
that made me angry
and aggressive.
No, it was not fun at all.
I did not enjoy it.
There is a thin
oxygen atmosphere.
And it's certainly easier
to breathe the farther
towards the equatorial
region that you go.
We were up pretty high north.
So we could sometimes pop
our hoods on our helmets up.
And it was cold, thin.
But you couldn't run or
really get enough air
if you had to work,
cardio breathe.
Sometimes it was just too
cold to want to do it,
like Antarctica cold.
So you could, but it
was open your helmet,
you know, your eyelashes
start to get icicles on them.
The Mars Colony Corporation
was the first entity
which was given permission
to start the Mars colonies.
And in much the
same way that when
colonies came over
to the Americas,
like the Jamestown
Colony Corporation,
that's all very standard
sort of colonial law.
So creating the Mars
Colony Corporation
was fairly standard.
Now the ICC, the International
Corporate Conglomerate,
that came a little later.
That sort of came as an
entity, a banking organization,
that eventually assumed a
lot of financial control.
So as I understand it, the
MDF, which is the Mars Defense
Force, is a military
contractor which
is run by the covert military
space program and it's officer
caudre but it contracts
to the MCC and the ICC,
specifically to the MCC.
And the MCC answers to
the ICC and so forth.
So that's sort of the
chain of command there.
So the MDF's a military
contractor that's not really
owned by the MCC at all.
It's contracted by.
So the MCC does not
own that technology.
They contract that technology.
It's very complicated.
I mean, I couldn't
say I understand it.
But as far as what
contractors own
what, what military
organizations are in charge
of what, and who gets to do
what, they have their own very
complicated legal system
of doing things there
that are very much like
the way we do things here,
but they have their own
way that's not necessarily
fun sometimes for people there.
Probably after I had been
there maybe 4.5, almost five
years or something,
we started to have
a presence of a fourth
person on the battlefield.
And so when I say the
three main people who
were on that battlefield
already were us,
an indigenous insectoid
species, and an indigenous
mantids or reptoid species.
So another species
started to show up
in different kinds of ships
with very different kinds
of technology, with a
very different appearance,
that didn't seem to get
along with anybody else.
That didn't seem to be
friends of anybody else's.
But there was a lot of
questions and dispute over
whether this was another faction
from somewhere else on Mars,
another reptoid faction, whether
friends of somebody's had
come in.
So all those questions
were being asked.
And I think, initially, we just
had a lot of question marks.
But what we knew for sure
is that when they showed up
in the battlefield, that
changed the focus of attention
of what was happening.
So that essentially
everything was then
focused in that
direction on them.
And eventually, that led
to a cooperative treaty.
And we all kind of were
able to join together
forces, the three sort of ground
terrestrial, indigenous forces.
Interestingly enough, the
reptiles on the mountain
started to consider us
another indigenous species
because we lived there,
which is not the same thing
as wanting to come
from somewhere else
and just take, take, take.
You know, we're just coming here
to take everything that we can.
We had moved in.
We were neighbors now.
And we might get
into disagreements,
but we lived there and
we were neighbors now.
And they were willing
to respect that
as long as we respected
that we weren't there
to destroy the freaking planet.
But someone else coming in
from outside as an invader
is seen as a completely
different threat.
And so we ended up, eventually,
getting together on that
and ganging up on them.
And then it got
interesting, because you
would have these just
incredibly crazy battles where
these Draconians dropped
ships would show up.
And you'd have battalions
of Mantids and battalions
of humans.
And then the crazy
swarms of insects.
You have four distinct species
using four distinct modes
of tactics, technology,
and battle sense
all kind of working with
against one other group.
It was nuts.
I would call it a tactical
and strategical nightmare.
>> Randy Cramer then told us
about his experiences visiting
the base on the moon.
>> Lunar operations come in a
couple of times like on the way
out, on the way back, certainly
during the training period,
it was a place that we went
back and forth to a few times.
It's a big place.
It's big.
And it's been there
since they probably
broke ground on it like in 1953,
1954, or something like that.
So it's been there forever.
One of the things that
I thought was the most
fascinating about it was how--
depending on the part of
the complex that you're in--
you could really
feel like you're
walking through time walking
from one end to the other,
because you might be at a
park that was built in 1955.
The doors, tile, clocks,
the signs over the doors,
the light switches, the
desks are from 1955.
Like there's all this old
materials in some places.
They have not replaced or
upgraded in some locations.
So you literally
feel like you're
walking into almost like a
historical set from a World War
II movie because of all
the sort of World War II
era, 1940s, '50s
kind of materials.
And then as you move
along to different areas,
you can get to all these
different upgrades of building
materials, '60s, '70s.
I remember walking down the
hallway to the administration
section and noticing that
it was the same yellow wall
paint, the same yellow carpet,
that was in my doctor's office
when I was in the '70s
with the same pleather
chairs with that mustard
yellow color, right?
Same stuff.
The old carpet was all
ratty, and had holes in it,
and totally needed to
be torn up and replaced,
but, nah, they weren't going
to spend money on that part.
But then you get to one of
the advanced medical sections
and then it's like
you're in 2055.
And you've walked from
1945 to the future
just because of when something
was built, no upgrading
whatsoever.
And you could walk through
a number of departments
and feel like you've
just walked through time
to get from end to the other.
That's what trips me
out sort of about it.
It's a trippy place.
But it's huge.
I couldn't tell you
how many levels,
how many square feet, how many
miles deep, wide, but it's big.
Because it's been built and
expanded on over the decades so
it gets bigger and bigger.
>> But what was it like
to be out in deep space?
>> It is the most
gorgeous thing ever.
If you've ever been
out far out from light
bleed out in the
middle of nowhere,
super, super clear skies.
Zion National Park, probably
one of the places on the planet
has some of the clearest,
starriest skies.
And I've had people
tell me being
out in the middle of the
ocean on a calm ocean
in the middle of the
night is very similar,
because the stars
reflecting off of space
make it feel like you are
completely surrounded by stars.
So if you think about what
a starry night sky looks
like in that clear,
away from the city light
bleed looks like, which is
full of stars, full of stars.
Imagine even more full of
stars, because you're actually
outside the atmosphere.
You actually get farther
away from the sun.
And those stars
get even brighter.
And so you see even more stars.
So when you're
out in space, what
you notice is if you
turn everything off
and you're in the dark, so to
speak, nothing of the kind,
you absolutely are lit
up in a sea of stars.
I mean you could
read a book by it.
It's that bright when
you're out there.
If the power goes out, I can
whip out the emergency manual
and hold it up to the window
and I can read by starlight.
It's also not confusing because
we're in the arm of the galaxy.
All right?
And so the band of
the Milky Way galaxy
that goes across the sky when
you're looking up from the sky.
Well, when you're
in space, that's
not a band that
arcs across the sky.
It's a circle that goes
all the way around you.
And it is in the
horizon position
because of where
we are in the arm.
So when you're out there
in space, you look up
and there's the northern stars.
And you look down and
there's the southern stars.
And then all around you
are the constellations.
It's like clock position.
How space people navigated
in space forever, right?
So when you're out there,
you can look in any direction
and know pretty much where
you are, where you're going.
There's no sense of
I'm lost, where am I?
It's dark.
I don't know what's happening.
It is absolutely the most
visible, beautiful, gorgeous,
easy to figure
out where you are.
And again to get that horizon
point, that up and down thing,
all of a sudden--
because you think as
a pilot on the ground,
oh, when I'm out
in space, there's
not going to be an
up or a down. yeah,
there's totally
an up and a down.
And it's the horizon line of
the galaxy that goes around you.
And that band,
it's a circle that
goes all the way around you.
And you're never above or
below that horizon point,
because you'd have to be
above or below the galaxy line
to get out of that.
And any direction
you go, you're not
getting outside of
that horizon line.
So that horizon is a constant.
We have to leave the
galaxy for that ring
around you, that horizon
point to disappear.
When you're out there,
and it's totally dark,
and it's totally quiet, and
the engine hum turns off,
and the electrical
hum turns off,
and there's nothing, radio,
going on in your ear,
space makes music.
There is a musical
sound that it makes.
And I am told by
extraterrestrials
who understand this
a bit better than I
do that if you become really
familiar and psionically
attuned to hear that sound
you can navigate by it.
That it actually will
tell you which directions
you want to go by
which music you follow.
But anyway, when you're
out there really quiet
and it's really
dark, you can hear.
It is like background.
I've heard people say,
it's like angels singing.
It kind of is.
I mean it's really just
this amazing music that's
kind of indescribable.
I don't know how
else to describe it.
But it also seems
to be psionic waves
from civilizations and
species from those stars, too.
So it's not just the stars.
It seems to be from the
people who are living there.
Because you certainly
get the sense--
or I certainly did--
looking at all those stars that
some of those are galaxies.
But at those points, if you
could follow each point,
there's billions
of people, beings,
living somewhere near that dot.
And that dot, and that
dot, and that dot,
all the dots if you
followed them out
would lead to a neighborhood
of billions, and billions,
and billions of people.
So you don't ever think
like you're alone.
It just becomes ultimately clear
that you live in the biggest
neighborhood ever.
>> Obviously, being recruited
for missions such as Randy
Cramer was on, would have to
be difficult to say the least.
How could they get
anyone to volunteer
for such dangerous work?
>> I believe there are a lot of
missing people on this planet.
Thousands of people
documented are
disappearing every single year.
Now, there's a book that came
out called "Alternative 3."
And the third option
was to actually
have a breakaway civilization
on another planet.
And in this plan, they
also needed to take people.
You had to have people in
specific industries, doctors.
You had to have farmers.
You had to have all
different types of people
from all different
types of arenas
so that you can actually
populate this new civilization
and create the infrastructure.
Along with that,
it is very possible
that they have used some type
of MKUltra or mind controlling
device or even a serum
to convince people
or to take people
off this planet.
>> In 1977, a strange science
show aired on television
in England.
The show was called
"Alternative 3."
They never told us much just
that Robert, my brother,
got this grant to do some
kind of work up there.
That's the last we heard it's
not knowing that's the worst.
>> The driving force
behind "Alternative 3"
was this notion that the
Earth would suffer some sort
of climatic collapse.
The climate would run wild.
There would be storms.
And deserts would expand.
There would be crop failures,
a lot of environmental damage.
The powers that be
decided to attempt
three alternatives to fix it, to
mitigate it, or to survive it.
So the first alternative,
Alternative 1
was to blow a hole in the upper
atmosphere using a high yield
nuclear device.
The idea behind this was to
vent carbon dioxide into space.
Alternative 2 was this notion
that they could survive it,
right?
So what they wanted to do was to
build deep underground bunkers,
large, large-scale
bunkers, and possibly
connect them with an
underground rail network
and then live in the bunkers to
wait out the climate collapse.
And hopefully, as the
Earth commonly does,
it would reset itself with
no human intervention.
The assumption I would
make is that they figured
people would survive
it, but those survivors
would be limited to pockets
that they could probably
control when they resurfaced.
>> All I'm prepared to say is
there were three alternatives
for discussion.
The first two were crazy.
Forget about them.
The third alternative
may be not so crazy.
>> Alternative 3 was to leave.
This idea that the Earth
had suffered such climactic
damage that they had
to leave and come
back later, maybe hundreds
of years, thousands of years.
It's really kind of open-ended.
The other problem
with Alternative 2
was that you can build vast
underground bunkers in cities,
but you can't build
enough of them.
And it takes so
long to build them,
that it's probably more
efficient to leave.
>> What do you mean go
to some other planet?
>> I mean get the hell off this
one whilst there's still time.
>> Dr. Carl Gerstein then
went on to discuss the kind
of cross-section they
would like to see get away,
a balance of the sciences and
the arts, in fact, all aspects,
as far as possible,
of human culture.
He said that the list
would never be complete,
but it would be
better than nothing.
>> The movie itself is fake.
It's pretty obvious.
If you're a fan of science
fiction films of the 1970s,
you'll notice some
of the actors.
>> Ann, they won't let
us into the building.
They say they've
had orders not to.
>> Yes, I know.
I'm sorry.
>> Well, can you tell us
exactly what's going on?
>> No, I'm sorry.
I can't go on with the film.
I'm going away.
>> What exactly is happening?
>> I can't say anything.
>> Well, I've done everything
I can to try to get some kind
of answer, but there's nothing.
They just say, "We're sorry,
but we didn't know anything
about your brother."
>> Some operation of supreme
importance has been going
on beneath the security cover.
We believe that that operation
is Dr. Carl Gerstein's
Alternative 3.
Whether a human survival
colony has already
been established on Mars
or whether plans are still
in preparation for
its transportation
from the moon to
Mars, we don't know.
But we put out this
program tonight
as a challenge to those who
do know to tell us the truth.
>> Needless to say, as soon
as the program finished,
pandemonium struck England.
The station which
aired the program
was inundated with
worried calls.
It was then that they had to
admit that the entire show was
a fake.
Alternative 3 was a leak of high
level information concerning
the Secret Space Program that
was already in full effect
by the time of the airing
of the show in 1977.
Many researchers thought
there was more to the program,
that it was revealing
a kernel of truth.
Was the showing of
Alternative 3 a warning?
Is there evidence of
people disappearing?
That brings us to the research
of ex-policeman David Paulides.
First, David became aware of
the thousands of people missing
from our National
Park System when
he was approached by
two forest service
rangers who were concerned.
This sent him off
into an investigation,
which just might answer many
of the questions surrounding
this recruitment process for
the Secret Space Program.
>> So I was doing some
research at a national park.
I was talking to people that
were contractors at the park.
I noticed some park
rangers were following us.
And sometime after
that, I left the park,
went to an offsite location.
And one of the rangers initially
came up and knocked on the door
and had a conversation
with me about people
who had disappeared at parks
that he and another person
had worked at.
And they explained that the
places that these people
disappeared was unusual.
How they disappeared,
et cetera, was strange.
And after seven to
10 days of searching,
the case kind of
disappeared and went away.
It was at that point
that he got together
with some other rangers
and started to talk
about these disappearances.
And then they started to
find some commonalities.
They thought it was
strange the locations where
these people disappeared.
They thought it was strange
that there wasn't follow up.
And they thought that somebody
ought to be looking into it.
And that's kind of
how it all started.
So you have to look at a lot of
cases before you find patterns.
And after looking at thousands
of missing person reports
and search and rescue
reports, certain things
float to the surface.
And I call them profile points.
And one of the main ones is is
that when they bring canines
to the scene, the scent
evaporates quickly
and they can't find the
person using the dogs.
It seems to be people
with super high intellect.
And I've written about
a series of physicists
that have disappeared
and haven't been found.
There's also a series
of college age men
that have disappeared
and haven't been found.
And it seems to be the cream
of the crop at that higher
level that seem to disappear
at a higher frequency
than should be.
There was a case I
just recently talked
about regarding a
physicist from Germany
who was at a conference in
Lake Arrowhead, California.
He was on a trail with
a group of people.
And he didn't feel well.
And simultaneously,
the counselor
who was the last in line
also didn't feel well.
So the group went
ahead and the counselor
and this physicist that
was at the conference, just
kind of sat on a
rock and waited.
Well, the group
got farther ahead.
And this physicist got feeling
a little better, he thought.
And he didn't want to
get that far behind.
And he told the counselor,
I'm going to take off.
The counselor said,
hey, I'll wait here.
Well, he took off.
And it was the last
time he was ever seen.
And that was a strange
one because it wasn't
in a real deep wooded area.
It was around Lake Arrowhead,
up above the LA County area.
And he's never been found.
It's been several years.
Within the last 18 months,
certain things, again,
keep floating to the surface.
And one of those
things is we found
is that people of
German ancestry
have disappeared at a higher
frequency than normal.
And it's unexplainable why.
And there aren't a lot
of archived material
that talk about a
person's ethnicity.
But the times that it is, it
seems as though German comes
up more than it should be.
>> We will probably never know
if the missing and disappeared
people are actually going
into the Secret Space Program.
The fact that the
government and forest
service don't seem to care
about any of this is troubling.
In the next program,
we'll examine
the rise of artificial
intelligence
here on "Deep Space."
[MUSIC PLAYING]